[Music]
Hey I have something to tell you all and this is not
about any movie or product promotion
this is about
[Music]
not in this you will have to kiss a person
right right
[Music]
Generally in movies the hero saves the heroine by
coming out of the sea in slow motion
with romantic background music,
but if there is such a situation in real life then you
cannot stop ringing your bells in your heart
but CPR is everyone, parents,
brothers, sisters, friends, friends, in fact
you can give the same love to strangers without any hesitation if we
all learn to give CPR then every year we
can save a lot of lives learn to give CPR
and save lives let's see how
[Music]
So in this world give heart but listen to your heart
CPRC Civil Line